Add GCP KMS documentation (#369)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.7.0/docs/canton/usermanual/security.rst

:ref:`Externalize Private Keys With a Key Management Service <kms_external_architecture>`
for more details on how Canton can enable private keys to be generated and stored by an external KMS.

> The following section :ref:`Key Management Service Setup <kms_setup>` describes how to enable KMS for Canton

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section :ref:`Key Management Service Setup <kms_setup>` describes how to enable KMS support in Canton
```

+===========================================+===========================================+
| `kms:CreateKey`                           | `cloudkms.cryptoKeyVersions.create`       |
+-------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| `kms:Decrypt`                             | `cloudkms.cryptoKeyVersions.useToDecrypt` |
+-------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| `kms:Sign`                                | `cloudkms.cryptoKeyVersions.useToEncrypt` |
+-------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| `kms:DescribeKey`                         | `cloudkms.cryptoKeyVersions.useToSign`    |
+-------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| `kms:GetPublicKey`                        | `cloudkms.cryptoKeyVersions.viewPublicKey`|
+-------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+

If you plan to use cross-account key usage then the permission for key rotation in Canton, namely `kms:CreateKey`, does not have to be configured as it does not apply in that use case.

> To be able to make the API calls to the AWS KMS, Canton uses the `standard AWS credential access

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make the API calls to the AWS KMS, Canton uses the `standard AWS credential access
```

<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html>`_. For example, the standard
environment variables of `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` can
be used. Alternatively, you can specify an AWS profile file (e.g. use a temporary access
profile credentials - `sts`).

For GCP, Canton uses a `GCP service account
<https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/provide-credentials-adc#local-user-cred>`_. For example,

> standard environment variable `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` can be used after

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the standard environment variable `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` can be used after
```

setting up a local Application Default Credentials (ADC) file for our service account.

The protection and rotation of

> the credentials for accessing AWS or GCP are a responsibility of the node operator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the credentials for AWS or GCP are the responsibility of the node operator.
```

- Key specification: `SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/asymmetric-key-specs.html>`_
- Key usage: `ENCRYPT_DECRYPT <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#symmetric-cmks>`_

Similarly, for GCP KMS we can use:

> - Key name: `“test-key”`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Key name: `test-key`
```

> - Key RN (Resource Name): `“projects/gcp-kms-testing/locations/us-east1/keyRings/canton-test-keys/cryptoKeys/test-key/cryptoKeyVersions/1”`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Key RN (Resource Name): `projects/gcp-kms-testing/locations/us-east1/keyRings/canton-test-keys/cryptoKeys/test-key/cryptoKeyVersions/1`
```

   :language: scala
   :start-after: user-manual-entry-begin: ManualRegisterKmsKeys
   :end-before: user-manual-entry-end: ManualRegisterKmsKeys
   :dedent:

where `xyzKmsKeyId` is the KMS identifier for a specific key (e.g. `KMS Key RN`). If we are using, for example,
`AWS cross account keys <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policy-modifying-external-accounts.html>`_
be aware that using the key id is not enough and we are required to register the key using its `ARN`.

Finally, we need to initialize our :ref:`domain <manually-init-domain>` and
:ref:`participants <manually-init-participant>` using the previously registered keys.

Manual KMS key rotation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Canton keys can still be manually rotated even if externally stored in a KMS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Canton keys can still be manually rotated even if they are externally stored in a KMS.
```

To do that we can use the same :ref:`standard rotate
key commands <rotating-canton-keys>` or, if we already have a KMS key to rotate to, run the following command:

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/enterprise/app/src/test/scala/com/digitalasset/canton/integration/tests/security/RotateAwsKmsKeyIntegrationTest.scala
   :language: scala
   :start-after: user-manual-entry-begin: RotateKmsNodeKey
   :end-before: user-manual-entry-end: RotateKmsNodeKey
   :dedent:

> Both AWS and GCP do not offer automatic rotation of asymmetric keys so, contrary to the wrapper key rotation,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Neither AWS or GCP offer automatic rotation of asymmetric keys so, unlike the wrapper key rotation,
```

> the node operator needs to be responsible for periodically rotating the keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the node operator needs to be responsible for periodically rotating these keys.
```

Auditability
^^^^^^^^^^^^

AWS and GCP provide tools to monitor KMS keys. For AWS to set automatic external logging, refer to the
`AWS official documentation <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/monitoring-overview.html>`_.
This includes instructions on how to set AWS Cloud Trail or Cloud Watch Alarms
to keep track of usage of KMS keys or of performed crypto operations.
For GCP you can refer to the `GCP official documentation

> <https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/audit-logging>`_ for information on how logging is done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/audit-logging>`_ for information on logging.
```
